"review"
"New hotel, modern and stylish. Amazing rooftop area with views of the Sagrada Familia. Contemporary decor in lobby area, very fresh! Good rooms, I am so glad the new establishments are using floorboards instead of carpets. I think it is much more hygienic. Room had all the luxuries needed to make a comfortable stay. Their breakfast and lunch and bar downstairs is just amazing, and they managed to create a little piece of green paradise, infact they have alot of plants scattered across the hotel. It is in the perfect location, few minutes to the major tourist sites and within walking distance you will find plenty of places to dine in. I would recommend this 110% and would stay here again! Dear H S,  Thank you for taking your time to write such a lovely review.   We are happy to hear that you have injoyed your stay in Hotel Barcelona 1882 and that you found the room and the hotel location perfect for you.   Our staff works hard to fulfil the expectations of all the clients and it is always nice to hear that they have succeded. We will pass them your regards, they will be happy to know your opinion.  We hope to welcome you back really soon.   With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"This was my first ever time visiting Barcelona and this hotel was excellently located and made the whole trip. We visited in October and whilst the weather wasn't sunbathing weather we still had chance to enjoy the rooftop pool during the day as well as enjoying a drink on the terrace overlooking the Sagrada Familia at night.  The room was beautifully decorated and all the little additions such as the quirky statuettes made it even more special, my only gripe was that the view overlooked a very industrial area, however this cannot be helped as it is a city centre hotel and not a beach front one.  Overall this was a superb stay which I will recommend to everyone if I know they are travelling to Barcelona in future Dear z6024MUmarkl,  Thank you for such a nive review!  We are really glad to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location in the center of the city but in the quiet area of l'Eixample.  We are happy that you have enjoyed our hotel and swimming pool.  For us, is really important that all the Barcelona 1882 staff exceeded your expectations.   Will be a pleasure for us to welcome you again very soon,  With best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"When looking for a nice getaway in Barcelona city center we were looking for a nice hotel with rooftop pool. The 1882 had much more to offer than that. Not only is it marvellous with a modern and nature inspired decoration, but it also has the most thoughtful staff (Yasmina always was looking for the best service for us) and commits to serious responsible tourism that is a value close to my heart. The pool and rooftop terrace are extremely nice and despite the time of the year we were able to enjoy the quiet clean and comfy outdoor area. The hotel takes safety seriously and had a thorough protocol in place that made us feel safe from the beginning to the end. I recommend to all Barcelona locals to book the hotel for a night or 2 and have some summer vibe away from the beach and the worries of covid. Would strongly recommend/want to come back… Dear Clemd1711,  Thank you for such a nive review!  We are really glad to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location in the center of the city but in the quiet area of l'Eixample.  We are happy that you have enjoyed our hotel, breakfast and swimming pool.  For us, is really important that all the Barcelona 1882 staff exceeded your expectations.   Will be a pleasure for us to welcome you again very soon,  With best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"We’ve just arrived back after staying for 7 nights it was perfect very clean, modern and really nice decor! Perfect location maximum 15 min taxi to most places the bikes at the hotel you can rent are perfect we used them a few times really nice extra we wasn’t expecting. Pool area is really nice and comftable I would say good value for money. Friendly staff always, highly recommend this hotel and would defiantly like to come back! Dear Ellielouiseh2020,  Thank you for taking your time to write such a lovely review.   We are happy to hear that you have injoyed your stay in Hotel Barcelona 1882 and that you found the room and the hotel location perfect for you.   Our staff works hard to fulfil the expectations of all the clients and it is always nice to hear that they have succeded. We will pass them your regards, they will be happy to know your opinion.   We hope to welcome you back really soon.   With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"A real top class hotel in Barcelona! Excellent staff that will go the extra mile to make you feel at home. Quallity breakfast and on the top level of the hotel a view on Sagrada Familia (nice to take pictures) The hotel is very clean and on walking distance of the metro (Sagraga familia is closest) - 10 min from town centre. I will go back next year 2021 for sure. Dear FrankvS5554EN,  Thank you for such a nice review!   We are really happy to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location, thinking that is the best option in the city.   All the Barcelona 1882 staff work hard every day in order to make you feel at home.   We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you very soon,   Best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
