""	"review"
"1"	"New hotel, modern and stylish. Amazing rooftop area with views of the Sagrada Familia. Contemporary decor in lobby area, very fresh! Good rooms, I am so glad the new establishments are using floorboards instead of carpets. I think it is much more hygienic. Room had all the luxuries needed to make a comfortable stay. Their breakfast and lunch and bar downstairs is just amazing, and they managed to create a little piece of green paradise, infact they have alot of plants scattered across the hotel. It is in the perfect location, few minutes to the major tourist sites and within walking distance you will find plenty of places to dine in. I would recommend this 110% and would stay here again! Dear H S,  Thank you for taking your time to write such a lovely review.   We are happy to hear that you have injoyed your stay in Hotel Barcelona 1882 and that you found the room and the hotel location perfect for you.   Our staff works hard to fulfil the expectations of all the clients and it is always nice to hear that they have succeded. We will pass them your regards, they will be happy to know your opinion.   We hope to welcome you back really soon.   With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"2"	"This was my first ever time visiting Barcelona and this hotel was excellently located and made the whole trip. We visited in October and whilst the weather wasn't sunbathing weather we still had chance to enjoy the rooftop pool during the day as well as enjoying a drink on the terrace overlooking the Sagrada Familia at night.  The room was beautifully decorated and all the little additions such as the quirky statuettes made it even more special, my only gripe was that the view overlooked a very industrial area, however this cannot be helped as it is a city centre hotel and not a beach front one.  Overall this was a superb stay which I will recommend to everyone if I know they are travelling to Barcelona in future Dear z6024MUmarkl,  Thank you for such a nive review!  We are really glad to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location in the center of the city but in the quiet area of l'Eixample.  We are happy that you have enjoyed our hotel and swimming pool.  For us, is really important that all the Barcelona 1882 staff exceeded your expectations.   Will be a pleasure for us to welcome you again very soon,  With best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"3"	"When looking for a nice getaway in Barcelona city center we were looking for a nice hotel with rooftop pool. The 1882 had much more to offer than that. Not only is it marvellous with a modern and nature inspired decoration, but it also has the most thoughtful staff (Yasmina always was looking for the best service for us) and commits to serious responsible tourism that is a value close to my heart. The pool and rooftop terrace are extremely nice and despite the time of the year we were able to enjoy the quiet clean and comfy outdoor area. The hotel takes safety seriously and had a thorough protocol in place that made us feel safe from the beginning to the end. I recommend to all Barcelona locals to book the hotel for a night or 2 and have some summer vibe away from the beach and the worries of covid. Would strongly recommend/want to come back… Dear Clemd1711,  Thank you for such a nive review!  We are really glad to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location in the center of the city but in the quiet area of l'Eixample.  We are happy that you have enjoyed our hotel, breakfast and swimming pool.  For us, is really important that all the Barcelona 1882 staff exceeded your expectations.   Will be a pleasure for us to welcome you again very soon,  With best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"4"	"We’ve just arrived back after staying for 7 nights it was perfect very clean, modern and really nice decor! Perfect location maximum 15 min taxi to most places the bikes at the hotel you can rent are perfect we used them a few times really nice extra we wasn’t expecting. Pool area is really nice and comftable I would say good value for money. Friendly staff always, highly recommend this hotel and would defiantly like to come back! Dear Ellielouiseh2020,  Thank you for taking your time to write such a lovely review.   We are happy to hear that you have injoyed your stay in Hotel Barcelona 1882 and that you found the room and the hotel location perfect for you.   Our staff works hard to fulfil the expectations of all the clients and it is always nice to hear that they have succeded. We will pass them your regards, they will be happy to know your opinion.   We hope to welcome you back really soon.   With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"5"	"A real top class hotel in Barcelona! Excellent staff that will go the extra mile to make you feel at home. Quallity breakfast and on the top level of the hotel a view on Sagrada Familia (nice to take pictures) The hotel is very clean and on walking distance of the metro (Sagraga familia is closest) - 10 min from town centre. I will go back next year 2021 for sure. Dear FrankvS5554EN,  Thank you for such a nice review!   We are really happy to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location, thinking that is the best option in the city.   All the Barcelona 1882 staff work hard every day in order to make you feel at home.   We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you very soon,   Best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"6"	"It is located within ten minutes walk to the nearby underground station and the famous Sagrada Família. I stayed there from 24 to 27 January 2020.  The room was spacious, clean and tidy. The staff was friendly and helpful. He gave me clear introduction of the hotel and the check in procedure was less than ten minutes. There was free wifi inside the room. It had a spacious, cosy and comfortable lobby. Moreover, it had a rooftop swimming which overlooking the Sagrada Família. Although I could not swim at that time due to cold weather but it provided a relaxing environment, I could enjoy sunbath, reading book there. Furthermore, there was a lot of restaurants nearby, it was very convenient no matter for dinning or travelling around. Jump to the conclusion, according to its service,… Dear Wingc633  Thank you for such a nive review!  We are really glad to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location in the center of the city but in the quiet area of l'Eixample.  We are happy that you have enjoyed our hotel, breakfast and swimming pool.  For us, is really important that all the Barcelona 1882 staff exceeded your expectations.   Will be a pleasure for us to welcome you again very soon,  Stay Safe!!  With best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"7"	"We purchased a package tour to Barcelona and upgraded to the Hotel Barcelona 1882.  I must admit I wasn't expecting much, but what a pleasant surprise we had!  The hotel is lovely!  The rooms and public spaces are simply yet stylishly decorated and the staff were friendly and helpful.  Surprise highlights of the hotel include the 5:00 \"happy hour\" with free wine and hors d'oeuevres, the Saturday evening free walking tour of La Sagrada Familia (exterior only) and the beautiful terrace with view of La Sagrada Familia -- perfect for family selfies!  Location-wise, the hotel is just a short walk to La Sagrada Familia and a metro station that can take you anywhere else in the city you might want to go.  Three small complaints - we asked for a restaurant recommendation nearby and got… Dear Mominmaine2019  Thank you for taking your time to write such a lovely review.   We are happy to hear that you have injoyed your stay in Hotel Barcelona 1882 and that you found the room and the hotel location perfect for you.   Our staff works hard to fulfil the expectations of all the clients and it is always nice to hear that they have succeded. We will pass them your regards, they will be happy to know your opinion.   Thank you regardless for your very important feedback, your comments will be taken into consideration as we work to improve our very high standards of service.   We hope to welcome you back really soon.   With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"8"	"It's very rare to find a hotel that has got so many things right from the tip of its amazing roof terrace to the basement conservatory with walls bedecked with plants. Nothing has been scrimped on with every detail of design being superb. But this hotel isn't just about looks, it's about substance and sustainability as well. A new-build with character - if only there were more hotels like it. It's position is perfect for business and shopping and a short hop to the more touristy areas (we walked one day). Can't wait to go back. Dear Camdencalling,  Thank you for taking your time to write such a lovely review.   We are happy to hear that you have injoyed your stay in Hotel Barcelona 1882 and that you found the room and the hotel location perfect for you.   Our staff works hard to fulfil the expectations of all the clients and it is always nice to hear that they have succeded. We will pass them your regards, they will be happy to know your opinion.   We hope to welcome you back really soon.   With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"9"	"This hotel is brilliant. Great location, thoughtful and exciting decor, friendly staff. It’s not just a bed for the night, it really is the ‘hotel’ experience and you feel very lucky to be staying there! Location is minutes from Sagrada Familia so you can get around easily but you will also want to spend some time in the hotel itself enjoying the facilities, general ambience and your room.  Dear LowriM,  Thank  you for sharing your experience in our Hotel!  We are glad that you have enjoyed our room and our location.   The staff would be happy to welcome you again the following time you are back in Barcelona!  With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"10"	"The Barcelona 1882 is a true surprise in every which way. Right around the corner of one of the most amazing architectural challenges of the world, Antoni Gaudí's Modernist temple 'La Sagrada Família', the hotel is a true jewel of good taste and first class, down to earth staff, hidden behind a rather neutral mask - just in the style of the Catalan Bourgeoisie which has always made Barcelona the 'secret capital' of Spain and one of the most exciting cities in Europe.  My room was excellent: not huge, but extremely comfortable, silent and clean. And the bathroom is just top with a big rain shower and a separate toilet. Dear Thomasenroses,  Thank you for taking the time to post this nice review from your recent stay at the Hotel Barcelona 1882.  We are very pleased to read that you had a wonderful stay with us.  We hope to be welcoming you back in the hotel in the near future.   Best regards.  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
"11"	"We just returned from 3 days at this hotel. It was amazing! It was very clean, rooms were incredibly spacious and the hotel just underwent a renovation (within last 18 months I think?) so everything feels nice and new. Staff was great and very friendly. Loved how quiet the rooms were. We were traveling with our teen, great setup with spacious, comfortable  beds for all three of us. We chose this location because daughter is studying there for a few months. A little far from the action, but worth it for us, especially given the price. Loved the walk to all the other things to see, or used Free Now app for Uber-like taxi service. This was an awesome way to get around, or back to our hotel at the end of a long day. Breakfast was fine, but loved the bar area that opened up in the… Dear lindamA1389TX,  Thank you for such a nice review!   We are really happy to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location, thinking that is the best option in the city.   All the Barcelona 1882 staff work hard every day in order to make you feel at home.   We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you very soon,   Best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"12"	"For the price, I think this hotel is very good. It’s just 5 mins walk to La Sagrada Familia. The roof top has a good view of the cathedral too; it doesn’t have any beverage service so you may bring your own drinks there. Other than the cathedral, it is a bit of a walking distance to other popular spots. Taxi would cost €7-10 to other popular tourist spots.   The room is surprisingly spacious, in good shape. It is by no mean of any luxury, but clean and functional. The toiletries are not of decent quality, so bring your own would be a good idea if you stay here.   The bar at the lobby serves food and drinks at a very good price. They have house made vermouth, which I quite like.  Dear Soodye,  Thank you for such a nice review!   We are really happy to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location, thinking that is the best option in the city.   All the Barcelona 1882 staff work hard every day in order to make you feel at home.   We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you very soon,   Best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"13"	"My girlfriend and I stayed at Hotel Barcelona 1882 for 6 days. It was truly amazing. The hotel is beautiful! The staff members are friendly, helpful, and go over and beyond to make you feel welcomed. The bed is comfortable and the rain shower was a perfect touch at the end of the day. Everything is sleek, neat, and clean. Simple touches: wine tasting with cheese every night at 5:00-5:15pm. Also, the terrace is a beautiful spot to look over the city and take it all in. I will definitely be back to stay.  Dear Aserini,  Thank you for such a nive review!  We are really glad to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location in the center of the city but in the quiet area of l'Eixample.  We are happy that you have enjoyed our hotel, breakfast and swimming pool.  For us, is really important that all the Barcelona 1882 staff exceeded your expectations.   Will be a pleasure for us to welcome you again very soon,  With best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"14"	"Great location - sets you in the heart of the beautiful city, where most sites are easily walkable or accessible by metro. Regarding the hotel staff, they were truly a pleasure and most accommodating. Alberto, in the restaurant area felt like a friend, pointing my pal and I in the right direction to view Barcelona's best sites.   Appreciate everyone on staff. Good experience. Alberto made it great!  Dear  Z3284BQjareds  Thank you for your nice review about our Hotel.   We are delighted to see that you had a nice experience with us.   We look forward to welcoming you back!   Best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"15"	"Hotel Barcelona 1882 was INCREDIBLE. The staff was willing to adjust to our every need, including last minute menu changes. The hotel is small enough it's intimate but large enough you have plenty of space in your room and in the common areas to enjoy yourself. The amenities are wonderful and the location couldn't be better for a less touristy neighborhood.  I received great feedback from all of my colleagues and I would DEFINITELY recommend this location for any business meeting! Dear Theidaness,  Thank you for taking your time to write such a lovely review.   We are happy to hear that you have injoyed your stay in Hotel Barcelona 1882 and that you found our meeting facilities and the hotel perfect for you.   Our staff works hard to fulfil the expectations of all the clients and it is always nice to hear that they have succeded. We will pass them your regards, they will be happy to know your opinion.   We hope to welcome you back really soon.   With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"16"	"What a gem. A wonderful location that is close to just about everything with a warm and friendly staff. The rooms are quite fine and the property has architectural attention to detail and is pleasing to the eye. Not to mention one of the better breakfasts in Europe. We enjoyed the very nicely designed bar and friendly wait staff with very reasonable prices. This is the perfect place when in Barcelona-a wonderful hotel that is away from the crunch with easy access to the rest of the city that is easy on the eyes with a great staff.  We will be back. Dear 716wallacec,  Thank you for taking the time to post this nice review from your recent stay at the Hotel Barcelona 1882.  We are very pleased to read that you had a wonderful stay with us.  We hope to be welcoming you back in the hotel in the near future.   Best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
"17"	"The hotel made our stay in Barcelona most enjoyable. Everything about the hotel exceeded our expectations.  A spacious clean room, excellent food including the tapas in the bar, and very pleasant and helpful staff. We will certainly go back. Dear BigBear999,  Thank you for such a nice review!   We are really happy to know that you have enjoyed our privilege location, thinking that is the best option in the city.   All the Barcelona 1882 staff work hard every day in order to make you feel at home.   We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you very soon,   Best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"18"	"The location close, but not in the fray, to Sagrada Familia is great, and a walk to other happening areas is excellent. Additionally, there were always taxis waiting out front for rides to anywhere in the city. The staff was exceptionally helpful, with suggestions of what to do and not to do, and with any needs we had during our stay, as well as brief and relevant history quips.   The breakfast was one of the best we have experienced in European hotels, with  well-prepared selections targeted to the clientele in addition to local favorites (including delicious pastries, fresh breads, cheeses, fruits and assorted fresh juices.)  The lobby area had a modern yet warm architectural feel, with many interesting elements from floor to walls to furnishings to ceiling, as did the… Dear  Lovethelake99,  Thank  you for sharing your experience in our Hotel!  We are glad that you have enjoyed our room and our hotel.  The staff would be happy to welcome you again the following time you are back in Barcelona!  With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
"19"	"Given the ratings, Barcelona 1882 really does not need any further input.  Yet I felt compelled to add to the mix of what is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.  Given I've traveled domestic and international for 40 years on business, I'm frankly surprised to find such a good hotel on vacation.  It's hands down one of the most exquisitely designed and decorated hotels.  The service is extraordinarily good and to my biggest surprise, the food is also very good.  Breakfast is excellent, especially the freshly baked breads.  My family checked in Christmas eve and the kitchen was open then.  The staff served us until 9 pm without reservation.  Can't say enough about this place. Dear 823williel,  Thank you for taking the time to post this nice review from your recent stay at the Hotel Barcelona 1882.  We are very pleased to read that you had a wonderful stay with us.  We hope to be welcoming you back in the hotel in the near future.   Best regards.  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
"20"	"A fabulous, modern hotel just a few blocks from Sagrada Família.  Our room, 304, was spacious, beds were comfortable and there was an arm chair with coffee table as well as a long writing desk and chair.  Large area for suitcases and clothes.  The bathroom was very functional especially when travelling with a friend.  Separate toilet, then a central sink area and finally a separate shower room.  Reception staff were friendly.  Recommend Dear Yns_10  Thank you for taking the time to post this nice review from your recent stay at the Hotel Barcelona 1882.  We are very pleased to read that you had a wonderful stay with us.  We hope to be welcoming you back in the hotel in the near future.   Best regards.  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
"21"	"This new hotel was a delightful surprise. My husband and I loved the service - the concierge was exceptionally helpful - and the location just a few blocks from La Sagrada Familia can't be beat. The rooftop offers a great view, pool and relaxing area to enjoy a drink. Dear Adare1,  Thank you for taking the time to post this nice review from your recent stay at the Hotel Barcelona 1882.  We are very pleased to read that you had a wonderful stay with us.  We hope to be welcoming you back in the hotel in the near future.   Happy New Year 2020  Best regards.  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
"22"	"Great hotel with loads of amenities, amazing location and fantastic service.  It provided us everything we needed, and much more, for our European vacation, which started in beautiful Barcelona.  Don't miss this gem of a hotel. Dear 223jillc,  Thank you for taking the time to post this nice review from your recent stay at the Hotel Barcelona 1882.  We are very pleased to read that you had a wonderful stay with us.  We hope to be welcoming you back in the hotel in the near future.   Best regards.  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
"23"	"Great location - Near Familia Sagrada, city tour buses and walkable to great selection of restaurants. Front desk is pretty good except when you are sick. Queried on some Aquarius energy drink within the hotel and they didn't know their vending machine had it.  Dear Thanh C.  We are happy to hear that you have injoyed your stay in Hotel Barcelona 1882 and that you found the room and the hotel location perfect for you.  Thank you regardless for your very important feedback, your comments will be taken into consideration as we work to improve our very high standards of service.   We hope to be welcoming you back in the hotel in the near future.  Best regards and Happy New Year 2020!  Pau Casals Revenue Manager "
"24"	"A excellent hotel at a very reasonable rate. Helpful staff excellent breakfast and lovely pool and outdoor area. Located in walking distance of Sagrada Familia. Highly recommend ! The only down side is you are a metro or taxi ride to Barcelona center. This is not difficult to do and again would definitely stay here again. December was a good time to visit since there are less crowds and lower hotel rates.  Dear cc19572015,  Thank  you for sharing your experience in our Hotel!  We are glad that you have enjoyed our room and our location.   The staff would be happy to welcome you again the following time you are back in Barcelona!  With our best wishes,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
"25"	"We stayed at Hotel Barcelona 1882 for 2 nights and it was fabulous.  Great location, the staff was friendly, and had a wonderful breakfast.  We were able to walk everywhere and also did a bus tour around the city (the stop was 3 blocks away).  I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Dear Mollie D  Thank you for your nice review about our Hotel.   We are delighted to see that you had a nice experience with us.   We look forward to welcoming you back!   Best regards,  Pau Casals Revenue Manager Hotel Barcelona 1882 "
