"review"
"Very bad service from the guy with the glasses who was working at the evening at the 7th of march. He made a scandal without explication, my friends stayed there and he personally me not let to go to see the room of my friends but he let to do it to another people. So, bad, bad service!!!!!! The worst in barcelona, I live here for 3 years and I never saw something like this. This man have to be fired! He doesn't know how to work "
"I was here for four nights in August. First impressions were quite poor, given that the photos of high-quality rooms shown on booking websites falsely represent the small, worn, hostel-room reality.  The excellent, central location less than one minute from Las Ramblas and close to Plaça Reial which is a great breakfast spot, meant I was able to walk to all places of interest on my trip. There is a nice roof terrace to get some welcome fresh air at night, though unfortunately it was not accessible for two of the four nights of my stay.  Barcelona is a relatively expensive city to stay in, though the excellent location and private room at Hostal Palermo is not enough to justify the price of 75 GBP per night, given the basic facilities and small rooms that offer little comfort. Expect to hear everything from other rooms and the noisy streets.  * After a flight cancellation, I spent two further nights in Barcelona at a hotel only 10-minutes walk away for the same price, booking the night before, with an immeasurably superior room, so for Hostal Palermo somewhere near 50 GBP seems a fair price.…"
"Ok, good points: extremely central (just off the Rambla), less than a minute walk to Liceu metro, room clean and adequate, nice rain shower in the bathroom, staff very nice.   But.... it was very noisy at night, not from the street but from the other guests. The walls were very thin.  I was in Barcelona for work for a couple of days and was kept awake most of both nights by people chatting loudly in the next door room. Also someone was smoking pot one night too. This was not the fault of the staff, who were lovely when I complained at five am one morning.   So in conclusion, great if you’re a party animal or a heavy sleeper, but if you’re in Barcelona for work, don’t even think about it!"
"Barcelona can a be quite complicated and expensive when it comes to accommodation, due to huge number of tourists in all seasons, so you have to prepare yourselves for somewhat lower standards than expected for a certain price. We (family of 3) have stayed here for 7 days and overall, after the initial shock with the room size and the toilet/bathroom, we felt quite OK, mostly due to the central location and extremely pleasant staff. "
"On booking.com it’s advertised as a hotel- it isn’t. First impressions of the entrance don’t inspire confidence; it’s literally a doorway that we walked passed twice. Receptionist was lovely. Location was amazing. Easily accessible for everything. Metro station close by.   We had 2 single rooms with private shower and toilet: both were clean and the beds were comfortable, powerful showers. The rooms are exceptionally small, claustrophobic almost- I felt like a giant. The walls are paper thin so you hear everyone coming and going, which was annoying late at night.   You have to leave your key behind at the desk- kind of suspicious but nothing happened any of our property.   I stayed for 2 nights and for that it was fine. While I didn’t have a bad experience, I wouldn’t have liked to stay here for much longer. It’s a budget “hotel” but I would say probably over priced for what it is.   The other reviews are accurate.…"
