"review"
"We were in Barcelona during the October 2020 lockdown and there were only a few guests in the hotel. Hotel staff were great from beginning to end. They accommodated a shift in our travel plans due to a flight change and made our stay as pleasant as possible under the circumstances. Room was in excellent condition and hotel appeared well maintained and in good repair. Breakfast was more or less the same every day and offered a variety of fresh fruits, vegetables, pastries, eggs, bacon, cheeses etc. Hotel location is good, across from the Auditori and 10 minutes walk to La Sagrada Familia. Various bus and metro stops nearby as well as a tram line. Buses were frequent and appeared to be the better option for going to Placa Catalunya or you could walk to the Arc de Triomf and from there to el Born and the Gothic quarter, about 40 minutes. Also about 30 minutes to Barceloneta beaches area or 4-5 bus stops. The 2 rooms on the 7th floor have huge terraces overlooking Auditori and the adjacent area! Definitely worth considering the upgrade.…"
"Allowed us to move our booking to next year after my flight was cancelled, even though we had made a fully paid up no changes booking back in January. we had to pick a date rather than waiting to see what happened, but still much appreciated."
"The hotel staff is pleasant. The hotel is close to la sagrada familia but far away from beach. Well not that far but a good walk. Many restaurants are closed. Lots of graffiti in this area. The room is clean. The bed is comfortable. No hotel across the street so nice view of palm and this building. Pillows comfortable. Mini fridge very mini my leftover food pushed door open. So not useful. 608. 6/7 floors. Quiet. Small room. Tea/coffee in room. Big shower head . Best part of room is mirrors and restroom. I’m satisfied.  Dear Sir,  Thanks for your review  regarding your recent stay at our Hotel. 	 Your feedback is very much appreciated and we can assure you we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests.  We hope to see you again.  If we can be of assistance in the future, don't hesitate to contact us.   Again, thanks for taking the time and have a great day!  Sincerely,  SM Hotel Teatre Auditori  "
"We stayed at the hotel with a group of 11 persons. Everything was great. Many thanks to Omar for helping us out. Also the rooms were clean and quite. Next time I will stay in this hotel when visiting Barcelona!  Dear Sirs,		  Thanks for your review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Your feedback is very much appreciated for us and for upcoming guest. We assure you that this information enables us to create pleasant experiences to each of our guests. We are very glad to know that you have had an enjoyable stay.   We hope to see you soon.   Again, thanks for taking the time and have a great day!  Sincerely,	  SM Hotel Teatre Auditori "
"Great location. Our room was clean, well-equipped, we had a great view, cleaning on daily basis. The only inconvenience was the translucent sliding bathroom door that allows little privacy. The staff was very friendly. Breakfast was great: a lot of food to choose from. Dear Sirs,		  Thanks for your review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Your feedback is very much appreciated for us and for upcoming guest. We assure you that this information enables us to create pleasant experiences to each of our guests. We are very glad to know that you have had an enjoyable stay.   We hope to see you soon.   Again, thanks for taking the time and have a great day!  Sincerely,	  SM Hotel teatre Auditori"
