"review"
"Booked to stay here during May 2020 but was closed due to Covid 19, asked for a refund but was refused. They gave me a voucher for 12 months, *I am in Australia and still in lockdown, I'm in my seventies so will hardly be able to travel safely for quite a while.  Be very careful if booking this hotel as you wont get your money back. Dear Chris L,  We thank you for trusting Novotel Barcelona City for your planned stay this year. I have shared your comment with the reservations team so that they can review your reservation and can contact you with a new proposal that can make you enjoy Barcelona -in a safer post-COVID period. Unfortunately this situation is being experienced worldwide and we must base ourselves on the same conditions for all stays. We trust that this situation will stabilize soon and we can welcome you to Barcelona very soon.  Kind regards Barbara C Guest Experience Manager"
"The service we received from Mireia from the reservation department and Raúl from the restaurant were great.  We were looking for a cosy nice environment were to have a diner in an open space, due to COVID. We choose this hotel because we new of the roof terrace and the lovely views from a prior team outing experience.  Repeating here was an excellence choice, we were almost the only ones in the area were we were seated.   Mireia provided us with different set of menus to choose from taking into consideration that one of us was vegetarian. She was always trying to accommodate our needs and make us feel comfortable.   The same happened with Raúl at the bar. Always anticipating our needs. We felt very good taken care of.  We will definitely repeat again. Dear guest,  We very much appreciate your comments regarding your stay at the Novotel Barcelona City.   It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback. I will share your comments with our team. I am sure that this feedback will serve as an encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services.  Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be as pleasant as the previous one. Sincerely,  Chiara Front desk receptionist"
"A review of the Hotel without even staying. We cancelled our booking 48 hours before because UK Government introduced a 2 week quarantine for all returning visitors. No wonder we cancelled. Unfortunately this hotel charged us the full amount of the booking - 2 rooms for one night with no refund and very little apology. This is so damaging to their reputation resulting in this complaint. Do not stay here they clearly do not care about their guests and chase money too much"
"We travel to Barcelona on a regular base for work. We stayed at the Novotel Barcelona, and despite the rooms are in desperate need of a refurbishment, the restaurant has the same boring menu for years and the doors slam day and night waking you up.. we got used to it and always went back. The staff at the reception was changing all the time and most times they had no or little idea of what they were doing. Check out took always forever because, for work reason we needed two separate invoices and therefore, once, we were told to always book our room for one person only, and pay the city taxes for the second person on the spot. We agreed and did so, for several times, and it worked perfectly. Last March we arrived for check in, we had a 2 weeks booking in a suite. At reception we get told that booking for one person doesn't work because there is an additional 20euro to pay for the room for the second person. We were surprised and told them we were there the month before and the one before,.. that and it was never a problem. They insisted, and totally didn't care if we are regular guest and platinum accor members. The woman at the reception was rude and insisted we pay, not only the city taxes but an additional 20Euro per night for the 14 nights we had booked. How convenient that this rule shows up only when we book such a long stay. Anyway, we had flexible rate, so we checked out and went to the Pullman. They upgraded us, gave us a welcome drink, welcome gift, sent us sangria and sweets to the room, and were super friendly and welcoming. After Covid, we will be back in Barcelona, but never again at the Novotel, from now on it's gonna be the Pullmann, because they know how to appreciate their clients.…"
"I would like to express my thanks to all the staff at the Novotel City Barcelona following our stay 13th - 15th March.  In view of what was happening daily, your staff were always very helpful and cheerful especially as the situation was a complete unknown to all.  They remained extremely professional providing an excellent and first class service.   When all this is over we intend to visit your beautiful city again and stay at the Novotel City and to see all the lovely things we missed on this trip.  Again please pass on my sincere thanks to all the staff and hope they are all well and safe and we will see you all again very soon. "
