"review"
"When booking hotel we told them we were booking as our wedding had been cancelled and on arrival to hotel they had given us a upgraded room for our honeymoon I think this bit got lost in translation. The room was perfect and clean and the staff at the hotel were nice and friendly. Would definitely stay here again if visiting Barcelona  Dear guest,  Thank you very much for your review. We appreciate your comments about the quality, service, staff and the rooms in general. We will transmit your comments to  our entire team who always appreciate words of praise. Thank you!  Leonardo Hotel Barcelona Las Ramblas"
"From the moment we arrived the staff made us feel extremely welcome. We had the comfort room and that did not disappoint. The service they provided and the level of friendliness was extremely high. Even in times of COVID19! The manager is by far the best man for the job! He truly cares about whoever visits the hotel. He made us feel special.   From the bottom of our hearts THANK YOU for making our vacation a huge success.   Aline & Stijn Dear customers, We really appreciate your comments about the quality, service, staff and the rooms in general. We will transmit your comments to our entire team who always appreciate words of praise. Thank you very much, comments like that gives us the strength to keep working hard as always. Thank you very much!!!!  Leonardo Hotel Barcelona Las Ramblas "
"The room was nice in the hotel it had a canny rooftop pool and bar which was small they had no phone socket charger so we brought our own had a lol trouble getting to hotel after getting out of the cab but with a lol help you'll find it close to the alley where there's a local diner for breakfast and a street of things with the metro station and tourist info centre  Dear guest,  We appreciate your comments about the quality, service, staff and the rooms in general. We will transmit your comments to our entire team who always appreciate words of praise. Thank you very much!!!!  Leonardo Hotel Barcelona Las ramblas "
"So for a tourist hotel I want a good location and for it to be clean and quiet. I don't need a massive room as I'm not working and should really be out exploring. This ticked all the boxes. 2 minutes from the bottom end of the Ramblas, and close enough to the market to have breakfast and lunch there (I didn't eat in the hotel). Room wasn't large but was fine. Quiet. Nice walk in shower, with a little outside balcony. No USB ports. Staff were friendly and helpful. I'd definitely go back. Dear guest,  We are glad to know that you enjoyed your stay and we are very grateful to you for spending your time sharing your experience in TripAdvisor. Thank you very much!!  Estel.la Farré General Manager for Leonardo Hotels Barcelona  "
"Our room was a very good size, the bed was lovely and comfortable and all amenities provided TV, safe, fridge etc. It was nice to have a Customer Service desk where all the staff spoke excellent English and nothing was too much trouble for them, they were very supportive. The hotel is located appx 5 minutes walk from the Metro which is very useful for travelling around the city. Will definitely stay here again on our next visit to Barcelona. Dear guest,  We appreciate your comments about the quality, service, staff and the rooms in general. We will transmit your comments to our entire team who always appreciate words of praise Thank you very much!!!  Estel.la Farré General Manager for Leonardo Hotels Barcelona "
